Everyone, today is our old Ye's birthday banquet
Everyone should have brought their own congratulatory gifts, right?
I propose.
Here we go.
Everyone shows off their gifts
Not for the high and low
We're just having fun.
Let our old Ye be happy?
The old Chen of the store sent a pair of jadeite jade bracelets.
Value 2 million
Wang sent a sweet white jade row worth 3 million
This is my family's ancestral jade beer
Value 3.80 million
How is it? Who?
Are you afraid?
You will give away the things given by the three of them for a lifetime.
You can't afford takeout either.
It's too late to get out now
Just this crap
Trying to scare me
Toast without eating and being fined, right?
Qin Shao, we have given all our congratulatory gifts.
What about your congratulatory gift?
Yes, Mr. Qin
You are the richest man in Jiangcheng
It must be a big deal
OK
Then I'll be ugly
stand at attention